why on earth would anyone want a second
keyboard Linus asked me when I tried to
show him this project I've been working
on for quite a while well let me tell
you it's not for everyone but if you are
a productivity freak like me the concept
might really appeal to you basically
this entire keyboard has been converted
into a set of 87 fully programmable
macro keys
intel brings ddr4 to the mainstream with
their new core i7 6700 K and Core i5
6600 K processors check out the link in
the video description to learn more so
to give you some background on why I
need a second keyboard I'm the video
editor for most of the videos that go up
on this channel that's a lot of videos
and the more quickly and efficiently I
can edit them the better now
fast and efficient video editing relies
heavily upon keyboard shortcuts so much
so that inside premiere I assigned
functions to all the numbers letters and
symbols all the function keys the entire
numpad and most of the reasonable
combinations of ctrl shift and alt
that's a lot of shortcuts and yes I do
use all of those on a daily basis it's
easy to remember single key shortcuts
but the more keys you need to press in a
row the more difficult it is to not only
remember the key combination but also to
physically press those keys
that's what macro Keys are good for if
you don't know a macro key we'll
basically launch a pre-programmed series
of keystrokes and/or mouse clicks which
you would otherwise have to press
manually every time for example let's
say I'm editing a video in Premiere and
I want to reverse a clip on the timeline
to do this I could click on the clip
mouse over to the clip menu select speed
duration mouse over to the panel that
appears click reverse and then mouse
over to enter and click on that this
takes a few seconds to do alternatively
I could just press one single macro
button which automatically executes the
keystrokes ctrl R tab tab space enter
which accomplishes exactly the same
thing but in a fraction of a second
that's the power and usefulness of a
keyboard macro gamers will use macros in
games like World of Warcraft dota
Starcraft League of Legends and so on
but pretty much any game can be made
easier with macros and keyboard macros
are also really useful for certain jobs
like video editing animation graphic
design programming music creation and I
don't know accounting maybe I don't
really know what accountants do
all day but pretty much anything that
involves heavy computer use and
repetitive tasks usually macros are just
a series of blind keystrokes and mouse
clicks but you can make even more
powerful macros using autohotkey
autohotkey is a free brilliant little
program that you can use to completely
automate repetitive tasks remap Keys
intelligently simulate clicks and
keystrokes and do a lot more stuff that
I don't even understand I've used auto
hotkey to program a ton of useful
features for Premiere Pro that don't
even exist in the application itself
like recalling saved transitions and
applying effects directly onto selected
clips but my problem now is that I use
so many macros and so many keyboard
shortcuts that I have now physically run
out of keys on the keyboard
and what can you do then well we have a
few of these cool little tech Keys
keyboards lying around the office so I
experimented with those we also have a
Razer orb-weaver which is actually
pretty awesome and it's been designed
for this exact purpose all of its keys
can be remaps to any key or key
combination you desire now since you're
still restricted to standard keyboard
keys what I like to do is program the
keys on these extra keyboards to execute
very obscure key combinations like ctrl
alt f1 and then I program autohotkey to
listen for these key combinations and
then execute whatever function I desire
the trouble is if you do too much of
this it's tough to remember what
combinations you've already used and
what combinations all your various
different applications might already be
using but you know what the tech keys
keyboards and the orb-weaver still don't
have enough keys for all the extra
functions that I want and these
keyboards are surprisingly expensive and
that's when it hit me why can't I just
hook up a second keyboard to my computer
well it turns out that Windows will
treat every keyboard that you plug in as
one keyboard you can plug in all the
keyboards you like but your computer
cannot tell the difference but
between them bummer fortunately one of
my Twitter followers linked me to this
video by Tom Scott who successfully got
14 keyboards to work as their own
separate inputs
he used a program called Lua macros
which was actually developed for flight
simulator enthusiasts who want to have a
lot of switches and buttons for their
virtual cockpits great so it is possible
now all I needed to do was figure out
how to code in Lua and find a way to get
Lua macros to communicate with
autohotkey which is where all of my
functions already are Tom Scott had done
this but he didn't provide any of the
necessary details like you know sample
code then it presses the f24 King
themselves after quite a bit of
frustration I finally figured out how to
do it my second keyboard now works as
its own unique input and every single
one of these keys acts as a macro button
which will launch its own unique
autohotkey script so here's how you do
it first download Lua macros and
autohotkey plug-in both of the keyboards
you want to use run Lua macros and open
up QuickStart Lua then click on the play
button you'll get a prompt asking you to
identify device macros which will become
the name of your second keyboard all you
need to do is press any key on that
second keyboard Lua macros will now
recognize it as such
and those keystrokes will now be
intercepted by Lua macros and therefore
blocked from normal typing once you get
that working you can write your own code
or download and use my Lua code which
basically just writes a small string to
a file on disk and then presses the f24
key download my autohotkey script or
write your own and double click on it to
get it running an icon for that script
will now appear on the taskbar now any
time the f24 key is virtually pressed by
Lua macros this autohotkey script will
read the string in that file and execute
the correct associated function tada
I knew it would be difficult to remember
which key did what so I created a bunch
of key cap images in Photoshop printed
them cut them out and taped them onto
the existing keys if you do this keep in
mind that your key caps will not
necessarily be compatible with every
slot on the keyboard so you may have to
be careful to maintain the underlying
QWERTY layout although for me I think it
was just the F and J keys the keyboard
that I used for this project was the
logitech k120 and it's nothing special
at all any cheap or old keyboard will
work perfectly
when using the second keyboard it does
take about two seconds to look down find
the key you want move your hand over to
that key press it and then move your
hand back to the primary keyboard so
it's best to use the secondary keyboard
for secondary functions that you don't
need all that often if you want to try
building and programming a second
keyboard
I will be providing all the necessary
code in the video description you're
welcome and before you say it I know
that my code is sloppy and suboptimal I
know but guess what it still works so if
any of you real programmers out there
want to complain about my messy code I
sure would appreciate it if you could
provide a functional sample of some code
that will work even better a great place
to do this will be in the Linus tech
tips discussion thread that is
associated with this video also linked
below there's still a lot to figure out
like using modifier keys and double
tapping to launch a different function
in fact Lua macros itself is just a side
project of a single man with very little
free time it's not even out of beta and
it still got a lot of bugs the good news
is the software is open source so if you
can help to make Lua macros better
I really suggest that you do I think it
would be great if we could use the power
of our community to improve useful niche
software like Lua macros personally I'm
very satisfied with my secondary
keyboard and I'm really looking forward
to seeing what you guys come up with
tunnel bear is the easy to use VPN app
for mobile and desktop it allows you to
tunnel to 16 different countries and
browse the internet and
use online services as if you're in one
of those other countries they have apps
for iOS Android PC and Mac and they also
have a Chrome extension when you pick a
country and turn tunnel bear on two
things will happen your connection gets
encrypted with AES 256-bit encryption
the strongest available and your public
IP address gets switched so you can show
up as if you're in a different country
with tunnel bear there's no need to mess
around with port configurations DNS or
router settings or all that nonsense it
just handles all of that by itself you
don't have to worry about it they also
give you 500 megabytes of data for free
so you can try it out no credit card
required and if you want to upgrade to
unlimited data you can save 10% by going
to tunnel bear comm /l tt thanks for
watching guys give the video a like or a
dislike get subscribed join the forum
and talk about Lua macros or whatever
you can support us by changing your
Amazon bookmarks to one with our
affiliate code so we get a small
kickback whenever you buy something and
you should check out another one of my
videos up here or wherever where I talk
about the fly cly and how incredibly
disappointing it was no the smartpen I
keep forgetting what it was called it's
terrible